Arima Kinen
One more race...
Up next is my last race
in the Twinkle Series.
Her time's holding up.
She's running like she's ready to
burn herself all the way out.
I'm going for another.
Crown-san?
Work hard.
Kitasan is working real hard again!
She'd have regrets if she didn't
manage to win in the end.
So she's fighting hard.
You're not gonna be outdone
though, huh, Chevacchi?
Of course not.
You okay, Kitasan?
Yes! All good!
That'll do for today.
Cool down and wrap it up.
Right! Thank you so much!
I wish we could do something for Kitasan.
Yeah, I wish we could.
Episode 13
\hAnd Yours...
It'd be nice if we could do something.
It would be.
If only there was something.
We gotta be able to do something.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome back, Kitasan.
Here you are. A custom drink.
Specially made yet again!
Thank you!
You've been looking out
for me every day lately.
There's no need to start getting bashful.
That's right! We want to help.
Everyone...
I'm so glad I joined Spica.
Is there anything specific we can do for you?
Since you asked...
I just thought of something.
Did you see the preliminary
results of the fan vote?
I sure did. Kitasan Black had an early lead.
I mean, yeah, if you think
about it, of course she does.
Arima Kinen
Twinkle 12
Our Arima Kinen Feature
Kitasan Black's Last Run!
At both the Takarazuka and Arima,
she always gets picked in the fan vote,
Kitasan Black’s Hopes for
Victory at the Arima Kinen
but just can't seem to
score a Grand Prix win.
Kitasan Black in Great Condition!!
Will her hard training take her
straight to the top at Arima?!
Even though she's won
plenty of G1 races before.
I hope she can pull it off in the end.
I know she'll take the
Arima Kinen! It's Kitasan!
She seems to be in pretty
good condition, too.
The Japan Cup was a close race.
Yeah, she was passed at the very end,
but up until that point, she was running
away like Kitasan usually does.
Still, her wrapping it up after
this... I'm going to miss her.
I know what you mean!
Since it's the last time, it feels
like I can't miss it, no matter what.
Right? Let's cheer loud so that
we don't have any regrets.
You betcha!
My husband and I are heading to
the Nakayama Racecourse for it.
Oh dear, so are we!
Nothing beats seeing it in person, after all.
My husband's actually been rewatching all
of Kitasan's races starting with her debut!
Oh, my, so has mine!
Who do you think is gonna be
favored to win on the day of?
I mean, come on, who else could it be?
I know, right?
I'm sure she's gonna enjoy
the taste of victory.
I bet she can, knowing Kitasan.
Daddy, can Kita-chan win?
Yeah. I think she can.
She's been working really
hard so that she can.
Then I'm gonna work real
hard and cheer for her!
A scene that's like a festival... what I've
yearned for and always dreamed about.
That view that I was so
close to making happen.
But I couldn't realize it.
Still, I'm going to show
the best race possible
to the people who've always supported me.
So that they see me off with a smile.
Kita-chan!
Teio-san?
Good work out there.
Everyone's really excited
about the thing you asked for.
I appreciate it!
It's finally time, huh?
Yes. It finally is.
I want to win.
More than anything, with this being the end.
I see. I think it's the
same for everyone, though.
Nobody's racing to lose.
But only one gets to win.
Still, I think the winner is the one who,
no matter how tough or painful it gets,
keeps working hard to the very end.
And I've been watching you—
Kita-chan who never gives up,
no matter what—all this time!
Teio-san...
Right.
The end of the year looms as
we're here on Christmas Eve.
Arima Kinen
Nakayama               Turf\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h
And as festive spirits fill the town,
here at Nakayama Racecourse,
it's time for the Arima Kinen.
We've got a remarkable lineup
of runners again this year.
But who will walk away with the glory
of winning this year's final Grand Prix?
It comes every year,
and every year, it's an exciting race.
It certainly is.
I'm sure even the audience watching
the footage from our cameras
can sense the intensity and
excitement from the stands.
I'm coming to you live from in front
of the paddocks at Nakayama Racecourse!
Yep!
But which horse girl will be delivering
victory in lieu of a present from Santa
to these over 100,000 spectators?
It won't be long now.
It's nearly time to race.
Green Room
K-Kita-san, you look amazing!
I'm so glad.
It suits you wonderfully.
Thank you all so much.
There's something refreshing
about seeing you in shorts.
Pretty slick, huh? Easy to run in, too.
The cape was my idea.
The sash is an elegant addition.
It makes you come across as a leader.
Pretty good, right? That one was all me!
I don't see my idea anywhere!
I'm really glad I asked you all for this.
I'm going to run my last race
carrying Spica's sentiments.
But my idea...
Man, I wish I had that idea.
None of that, now.
This might sound weird, but come
back without getting hurt, all right?
Right.
Well, I'm heading off.
Now, on the turf, we can see the runners
in tense anticipation for
the beginning of the race.
There's Sounds of Earth,
with three second-place G1 finishes
and four second-place G2 wins,
who always seems to be
verging on a breakthrough.
Regardless of her other races recently,
it'd be great to see her first G1 victory
here at Arima at the end of the year.
Get 'em, Earth!
From the looks of things,
she's certainly relaxed.
Mm-hmm!
The Arima Kinen. The bookend
race for an entire year.
And on top of that, today is
Kitasan Black's last run.
There's an unmatched level
of attention on this race.
It's an ideal chance to
make a mark on history.
You can do this. I know you can, Earth-san!
Speaking of first G1 victories,
here we someone who's been elevated
to a new level by winning
the Japan Cup, Cheval Grand.
Will we see the return of the
razor-sharp acceleration that
brought home that victory?
I'd also keep an eye on Satono Crown,
who won the Takarazuka Kinen this year.
Will she able to avenge her loss
at the last race here at Nakayama?
You can do this, Crown-san!
Then we have the heavily-favored
number one in the fan vote...
The star horse girl of this year,
and someone whose win today
would rank her among those
with the most G1 wins: Kitasan Black!
Today is her last run. I only hope
she'll come away with no regrets.
This is the last time I
run in the Twinkle Series.
My last time feeling the tension
and anxiety before we start.
And now, it's time to begin.
The culmination of the past 12 months,
the grand prix that closes
the year, the Arima Kinen!
Underneath a wintry sky, we see the
horse girls enter the gate one by one
with smoldering passion in their hearts.
The stage is set for the end-of-the-year
grand prix, the Arima Kinen.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
And they're off! Kitasan Black
has a good start!
Kitasan Black takes the
initiative on the inside,
but there are still 2,500 meters to go!
Kitasan Black has the lead heading into
the four sharp corners of Nakayama,
entering the first and
approaching the second!
Off to a good start!
She is!
Hell yeah, keep it up!
Good luck, Kitasan!
Kitasan Black holds the lead.
In second place is Xbalanque, followed by
the veteran horse girl Canon Mille-feuille,
and then Crescent Ace on the inside,
It's Calling behind her,
with Lead Poetry on her tail.
Sounds of Earth is bringing up the rear.
And now, these 16 courageous racers
cross in front of the stands!
This is what the fans have been waiting for!
This is the last run for Kitasan Black!
As she crosses the turf screen, it seems
like she's checking the scoreboard.
How is the race flowing?
How's the pace evolving?
Is she running it on her own terms?
The first 1,000 meters are
crossed in 61.6 seconds!
Nice, she's setting a good pace.
She is!
She saw the opening and is
running on her own terms!
She is!
But she looks like she's struggling, too.
She is?!
If I relax for a second...
If I fall one step behind...
If I let them catch up...
Which is why—
I guess today's the last day we
get to watch Kita-chan like this.
I wish it could go on forever.
Kita-chan's really become
a part of our daily lives.
Let's make sure we remember every bit of it.
You can get misty-eyed later!
Kita-chan's running with all she's got!
So we're gonna cheer just the same!
We sure are.
Things are shaping up ideally for
Kitasan Black here on her last run.
Xbalanque holds in second place, with her
eyes set on a chance to usurp victory.
Crescent Ace is on the inside,
with Canon Mille-feuille poking
her head in from the outside.
Followed by It's Calling and
Read Poetry on the outside.
Chronicle Oath is on the inside,
with Black Ebony in the middle of the pack.
On the outside, we can see
Cheval Grand's position.
The Japan Cup winner is holding steady.
Behind her is the Takarazuka
grand prix winner,
Satono Crown, and on the
outside is Ribbon Etude!
Kitasan Black, I'm going to beat you again!
I'm going to win both grand prix!
Once you leave the turf,
I'll still be racing!
On the inside we have
Original Sign, Seventh Queen,
and pushing up from the
rear is Sounds of Earth!
Six Pack is now in the last position!
Good luck, Earth-san!
Come on, Earth. Come on, Kitasan!
Entering the third corner for a second time,
and Kitasan Black still holds the lead.
How will the horse girls in the
rest of the pack swap positions?
She's running the way she always does.
She certainly is.
Yeah.
Desperately, and with everything she has...
The kinda running that
energizes you by watching it.
Not slick, but so cool.
That's Kitasan Black.
Then in third place from the front is
Read Poetry, looking for the timing to attack.
We might be looking at a war
of wills for the Arima Kinen!
I want to win. I want to win. I want to win.
I want to win. I want to win! I want to win!
I want to win! I want to win! I want to win!
I want to win! I want to win!
And there goes Kitasan Black!
Pouring out every last drop she can muster,
she launches forward, one step after another!
Oh, no, you don't!
Kitasan!
Step after step after step after step...
Kitasan Black is picking up the pace!
Go!
You can do this!
Run!
Go!
Only a bit more to go as
the cheers shake Nakayama!
This is so amazing! You can do it, Kitasan!
Keep going! You're almost there!
Get 'em.
Kita-chan!
Just keep going!
I love seeing her run!
It's so down to earth and desperate!
Just like us!
I can't not get psyched!
You have to do it!
She's so, so strong!
Go! Go!
You can do it, come on!
Kitasan Black!
The second place position is hotly contested!
We can see Cheval Grand and
Ribon Etude from the outside!
But just look at her! No one
can touch Kitasan Black!
She's not letting anyone reach her shadow,
with everyone staring at her back!
With a two-length lead!
Go!
We are...
witnessing a shooting star!
Kitasan Black!
And the Nakayama Racecourse erupts!
A congratulatory roar in unison!
Incredible! Kitasan Black was incredible!
At the end of her long road, what awaited
her was congratulations and gratitude!
You can see faces saying, "Thank you," and,
"You did it," throughout all the stands!
Kitasan Black now has seven
G1 wins! One more for the road!
Thank you! Thank you, Kitasan!
You were awesome, Kitasan!
I can keep going! I'm gonna
keep trying again, tomorrow!
Kita-chan! Thank you!
It's a festival.
Seven G1 wins.
She ended up a greater horse girl than me.
I'm impressed. It's just like you predicted.
She really is something.
The dead heat for second place,
after a photo finish,
has been confirmed as It's Calling.
Third place is Cheval Grand.
And as tough of a race as it was,
in the end, Kitasan Black's
performance shone brightest!
Crown-san finished 13th.
Trainer-san.
Yes?
I want to resume training
at the beginning of the year
with an eye towards the spring races.
Understood.
Right. I should run.
Because I want to see the same
sight that Kita-chan just did.
Earth did a good job!
Seventh place. A quality showing.
Those were some crazy cheers.
It even got us excited.
Yes. A last run befitting of
such an incredible outpouring.
To garner so much attention...
Congratulations, Kitasan.
She was strong.
Yes. Much like she has been.
No... that may have been her best race yet.
It's a shame. She seems like
she could keep going to me.
I wonder about that.
To leave after this, in my opinion, would be
the most beautifully ephemeral choice.
I guess she's your rival for a reason.
She is.
Kitasan! Kitasan! Kitasan!
Whoa, and there's a Kitasan chant!
She's waving back at the crowd in response!
Kitasan Black!
Tracen
Academy
Open
Campus
Here you are.
Here you are!
Thank you so much!
Right, let me show you the pool next!
Okay!
Tracen Academy's known for both
its academic and sports programs.
Impressive, right? It's the same
size as an actual racecourse.
Team Spica
\hJoin us or get
left in the mud
There you are.
Shine!! Team Capella!!
What are you doing?
Everyone's waiting.
Come on.
Let's go, Kita-chan!
Yeah!
What were you spacing out for?
You can't start getting lazy just
because it's spring, y'know.
I wonder what kind of horse
girls we'll see next?
Good question!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm